The whole Erlang Shen shape
Interesting
Boss, where are we going?
Go to the Tianjin store in Xinluocheng.
Tianjin Store
I happen to be going there too, aren't we on our way?
What are you doing in the Tianjin store?
This is also an annoyance
Today and next week's three major families will not let me
Peak martial arts
A song has been selected among Lingyun's unparalleled beauty
Who do you think I should marry?
Did I hear it right?
Just because you still want to marry the daughter of the three major families
I think you are a cool drama, right?
Young people need to learn to keep their feet on the ground
Don't daydream about things that are out of reach all day
Okay, then you sit down, let's go
Boss, you are not waiting for me in the parking lot.
What are you doing here?
Nameless Lord Tianjun
Please accept the marriage certificate